[thudding]
c0000001
c0000002
[chuckles]
c0000003
♪
c0000004
-[thuds]
-[slashing]
c0000005
[thuds]
c0000006
[WIRBEL]
Aren't you scary?
c0000007
A spell that slashes
through physical objects.
c0000008
[thudding]
c0000009
[WIRBEL] It's nothing
impressive or complex.
c0000010
But I can't see its trajectory.
c0000011
-[slashes]
-[blood splatters]
c0000012
Well, you can't block
them all, can you?
c0000013
What's this?
c0000014
I'm ready!
Put me out of my misery.
c0000015
I might've gone
on a bit of a rampage.
c0000016
[WIRBEL]
You think?
c0000017
The range of that spell
you're using
c0000018
is about five meters, yes?
c0000019
Aren't you sharp.
c0000020
So? What happens now?
c0000021
Death by a thousand cuts
for me, or you?
c0000022
Nah.
c0000023
I've got a better idea.
c0000024
[EHRE] His magic
is utterly devoid of character,
c0000025
designed to win at all costs.
c0000026
I pity the girl who's up
against him now.
c0000027
She'll surely be killed.
c0000028
♪
c0000029
Right.
c0000030
♪
c0000031
[crackling]
c0000032
[EHRE]
A saturation attack?
c0000033
[gasps]
c0000034
How can she control so many
offensive spells at once?
c0000035
[crackling]
c0000036
Where is your dignity, mage?
c0000037
Resorting to brute force like
this is downright barbaric!
c0000038
I can't...
c0000039
can't handle them all!
c0000040
[explosion]
c0000041
Sorganeil.
c0000042
♪
c0000043
-Hm.
-[clattering]
c0000044
♪
c0000045
I can hardly move at all.
c0000046
[UBEL] And I can't control
my mana, either.
c0000047
It's a powerful binding spell.
c0000048
If he has this up his sleeve,
c0000049
why didn't he use it
to catch a Stille himself?
c0000050
I guess restraining one
is only helpful
c0000051
if you can find one first.
c0000052
If I can see you,
c0000053
my binding spell
can tie you down
c0000054
right where I want you.
c0000055
As long as I never let
my eyes wander away,
c0000056
you are my prisoner.
c0000057
And a prisoner
in the perfect position
c0000058
for execution,
by the looks of it.
c0000059
[UBEL]
Yet he hasn't killed me.
c0000060
And he didn't kill me then.
c0000061
If he'd truly intended
to take me out,
c0000062
he would've bound me
during his initial ambush.
c0000063
This is your final chance.
c0000064
Leave the Stille
on the ground and get lost.
c0000065
[UBEL]
Too bad.
c0000066
He's no fun.
c0000067
And here I thought I'd finally
found a fight to the death.
c0000068
He was always going
to threaten me
c0000069
into handing over our prize.
c0000070
Hm?
c0000071
Hold on.
c0000072
I don't understand
why you ordered me
c0000073
to put down our birdy.
c0000074
It would've made more sense
for you to take it from me
c0000075
while I was tied up.
c0000076
♪
c0000077
[clatters]
c0000078
♪
c0000079
[slashing]
c0000080
[gasps]
c0000081
[chirping]
c0000082
So, to keep me bound,
c0000083
you need to have
my entire body in view.
c0000084
That's why you can't use this
against multiple targets.
c0000085
[WIRBEL]
You were aiming for my eyes.
c0000086
The logical choice,
don't you agree?
c0000087
[WIRBEL]
Oh, no.
c0000088
If I were you,
I would've gone for the kill
c0000089
and aimed for my neck.
c0000090
Put an end to this
once and for all.
c0000091
You should've been
able to stomach that.
c0000092
Would be easy for some
of the folks I've met
c0000093
on the battlefield.
c0000094
Guided by bloodlust
and boredom,
c0000095
they killed anything
that breathed for a thrill.
c0000096
Times like these,
I wish I could take a page
c0000097
out of their book.
c0000098
Ever been made to kill women
and children before?
c0000099
Think there's a chance
I haven't?
c0000100
Oh, my.
c0000101
What hells have you seen
in your life?
c0000102
Trying to buy more time?
c0000103
So be it.
c0000104
I'll play along.
c0000105
♪
c0000106
[WIRBEL] The Northern
Magic Corps are mercenaries
c0000107
who specialize
in fighting demons.
c0000108
But when necessary,
c0000109
we're mobilized to fight
in wars between nations.
c0000110
People know exactly what
makes their fellow man weak.
c0000111
The fiendish act of sending
women and children to war
c0000112
wasn't uncommon.
c0000113
Where we were in the far north,
c0000114
it wasn't hell.
c0000115
♪
c0000116
It was just another day.
c0000117
Lovely.
c0000118
I've heard enough.
c0000119
♪
c0000120
[leaves rustling]
c0000121
[UBEL] You're not going
to kill me, then?
c0000122
No surprise.
c0000123
I believe the kind of magic
a mage specializes in
c0000124
is strongly related
to the life they've led
c0000125
and the type of person
they are.
c0000126
A spell that binds foes
c0000127
is a way of putting off
their slaughter.
c0000128
That tells me all I need
to know about your true nature.
c0000129
I bought time.
c0000130
Your distaste for murder
explains why you let me.
c0000131
How interesting.
c0000132
Your hands are as drenched
in blood as they could be,
c0000133
yet at the end of the day,
you want to remain human.
c0000134
♪
c0000135
You nailed me.
c0000136
I use this time
to prepare myself to kill.
c0000137
But you should know.
[chuckles]
c0000138
Though I may hesitate
before finishing the job,
c0000139
I always kill
when it's necessary.
c0000140
♪
c0000141
Well, miss? See ya.
c0000142
♪
c0000143
You can stop right there.
c0000144
This has gotta be a joke.
c0000145
You expect me to believe
you beat Ehre?
c0000146
[WIRBEL] I didn't sense
her coming at all.
c0000147
Now that's a talent.
c0000148
You can completely
conceal your mana?
c0000149
You must be the one
who captured the Stille.
c0000150
I would call it a lucky break.
c0000151
She'd learned a spell that
catches birds from her master,
c0000152
and we just so happened
to stumble
c0000153
upon a Stille's roost
early in the exam.
c0000154
Though, I guess you have
a binding spell, too.
c0000155
Luck can't be
on all of our sides, can she?
c0000156
Well, apparently, not.
c0000157
Look at me now.
c0000158
You were fighting
Ehre, correct?
c0000159
What happened to her?
c0000160
I killed her.
c0000161
[WIRBEL]
There were two conditions
c0000162
for passing the first test.
c0000163
Possess a Stille
by sunset tonight,
c0000164
and have all your party members
there to present it
c0000165
when that time finally arrives.
c0000166
If she's dead, we lost.
c0000167
My time to go home.
c0000168
Did you forget
you were going to kill me?
c0000169
I've already failed the test.
c0000170
Killing you would be
unnecessary.
c0000171
Later.
c0000172
[clanking]
c0000173
[WIRBEL] You can attack me
from behind if you want,
c0000174
but you'll only be
turning your killing
c0000175
back into a necessary one.
c0000176
Please, Miss Ubel.
c0000177
I know, I know.
c0000178
You're quite the liar,
aren't you?
c0000179
We need to hurry.
c0000180
We can still assist
Mister Land.
c0000181
Four-eyes will be fine.
c0000182
Not to play down your skills,
c0000183
but he's an even
better liar than you.
c0000184
♪
c0000185
[crackling]
c0000186
♪
c0000187
This battle is over.
c0000188
[LAND]
How impressive.
c0000189
♪
c0000190
You transformed flower petals
into metallic shards.
c0000191
Quite the feat.
c0000192
They slipped
through my defenses.
c0000193
This is a homemade trick, yes?
c0000194
[chuckles]
It's very flashy.
c0000195
But spells like that
often neglect fundamentals.
c0000196
My strategy
is to watch and wait,
c0000197
especially when fighting
an opponent
c0000198
I'm not familiar with.
c0000199
Now I know precisely
what your weaknesses are.
c0000200
Therefore, I will win.
c0000201
That's big talk,
but you're an arm down.
c0000202
Victory is mine.
c0000203
♪
c0000204
If you don't quiet down
and surrender,
c0000205
your head will be
my next target.
c0000206
Like I said,
c0000207
I'm still observing you
before our battle begins.
c0000208
Turns out, you're not
good at sensing mana.
c0000209
[gasps]
c0000210
♪
c0000211
Illusion magic.
c0000212
My copy has substance,
c0000213
making it much more akin
to a clone.
c0000214
How long have you--
[gasps]
c0000215
[thuds]
c0000216
Much longer than you'd think.
c0000217
Since this test
first began, actually.
c0000218
I'm not foolish enough
to trust anyone.
c0000219
[WIRBEL]
Ugh.
c0000220
Doesn't look dead to me.
c0000221
Killed her, huh?
c0000222
That bitch lied
like it was nothing.
c0000223
Naptime's over, Ehre.
c0000224
[groaning]
c0000225
I guess graduating
top of your class
c0000226
doesn't mean much.
c0000227
You're out of mana
after one fight?
c0000228
I was completely overwhelmed
c0000229
by her ordinary
offensive magic.
c0000230
There was no chance
I could block it all.
c0000231
You don't believe me, do you?
c0000232
[WIRBEL]
No, I do.
c0000233
I didn't pin you for the type
of idiot that attacks head-on.
c0000234
If you would've kept
your guard up,
c0000235
then you might've
had a decent shot.
c0000236
[WIRBEL] But if that girl
could pull off this stunt
c0000237
with ordinary
offensive magic alone,
c0000238
she must be even more
of a monster than we realized.
c0000239
-Come on.
-[EHRE] Hm.
c0000240
Let's meet up with Scharf.
c0000241
Hey, wait a moment.
I can't walk yet.
c0000242
Need a lift, do you?
c0000243
Stop it! You can't
float me like an object!
c0000244
Just carry me!
c0000245
[groans]
c0000246
Why do I have to play
your horsey?
c0000247
Do you sense Scharf
anywhere nearby?
c0000248
He's just around
those bushes there.
c0000249
Over here, Scharf!
c0000250
I need you to help me
carry... Huh.
c0000251
Wirbel, please carry me.
c0000252
My whole body feels numb.
c0000253
[groans]
c0000254
Damn it.
c0000255
Just when you think
it couldn't get worse.
c0000256
[rain splattering]
c0000257
Hear that sound?
What could it be?
c0000258
It's probably rain.
c0000259
Sounds strange bouncing
off the barrier.
c0000260
Gloomy outside and in.
c0000261
I'd say we've got two, maybe
three more hours of daylight,
c0000262
then the first test will end.
c0000263
With two of our men down,
c0000264
there's no chance we nab
another party's Stille.
c0000265
And there's no question
we're going to fail.
c0000266
Perhaps not, but you're
still helping us along anyway.
c0000267
You're a kind man.
c0000268
That makes me want to throw
both of you in a ditch.
c0000269
Please don't, sir.
c0000270
Act like a man, flower boy!
c0000271
Kindness can be hard to hide.
c0000272
I wonder if yours is the reason
you fight demons.
c0000273
♪
c0000274
I certainly thought it was kind
when you saved my village.
c0000275
-Are you dumb?
-[gasps]
c0000276
I didn't do it out
of the goodness of my heart.
c0000277
We've all got our own desires
and agendas to fulfill.
c0000278
My big ulterior motive
c0000279
was winning over the girl
I loved back home.
c0000280
It's been exactly 29 years
c0000281
since demon activity
in the north caused life there
c0000282
to take a turn for the worse.
c0000283
She and her family opted
to flee to the central lands.
c0000284
I did what
any stupid kid would do
c0000285
and decided
to show off for her.
c0000286
[WIRBEL]
When I grow up big and strong,
c0000287
none of those shitty demons
stand a chance!
c0000288
Once I kill 'em all, you better
come back here, okay?
c0000289
[chuckles]
c0000290
♪
c0000291
[WIRBEL]
I couldn't have been more than
c0000292
four or five years old.
c0000293
Her name and face
are lost to me.
c0000294
[chuckles]
c0000295
[EHRE]
What an idiot.
c0000296
[WIRBEL]
Yeah.
c0000297
You got that right.
c0000298
♪
c0000299
Do we really have to sail
all the way back home again?
c0000300
I get seasick every time.
c0000301
Maybe I could introduce you
to my grandfather.
c0000302
He's a first-class mage,
so we could travel by...
c0000303
Hey, Wirbel.
c0000304
What?
c0000305
-Up there. [speaks softly]
-Hm.
c0000306
[bird chirps]
c0000307
♪
c0000308
You've gotta be kidding me.
c0000309
So, all that effort
was for nothing?
c0000310
Took long enough for luck
to choose the right side.
c0000311
[chirping]
c0000312
♪
c0000313
Frieren. Is there a reason
she's not doing anything, or...
c0000314
♪
c0000315
[DENKEN]
An elf, huh?
c0000316
She's a skilled mage, indeed.
c0000317
Now that she's seen it,
I highly doubt
c0000318
Laufen's magic would
work on her a second time.
c0000319
But just once was enough.
c0000320
We're not trying
to kill each other.
c0000321
♪
c0000322
-[gasps]
-Where'd she go?
c0000323
Huh. Frieren!
c0000324
The Stille.
c0000325
Seems she took it.
c0000326
♪
c0000327
Ah.
c0000328
That's an interesting spell.
c0000329
[birds chirping]
c0000330
-[chirps]
-[sips]
c0000331
[fluttering]
c0000332
Hm. I appreciate
what the barrier does
c0000333
for the weather.
c0000334
That could be
something to consider
c0000335
as you prepare to proctor
the second test.
c0000336
Right, Sense?
c0000337
To no one's surprise,
it looks like you've killed
c0000338
a few promising
test-takers, Genau. Again.
c0000339
[chuckles]
Don't make me laugh.
c0000340
[groans] No one considered
promising would die in here.
c0000341
Those who died
have been weeded out.
c0000342
They were unfit
for first-class.
c0000343
I shouldn't have
to explain that to you.
c0000344
Regardless of how
I feel about it,
c0000345
choosing a target immune
to mana detection
c0000346
for a mage test
wasn't nice of you.
c0000347
Catching one is based
on luck and not skill.
c0000348
Your exam's a battle
masquerading as a competition.
c0000349
I argue that luck is a skill.
c0000350
What's more, some test-takers
c0000351
have captured a Stille
without any help from fate.
c0000352
The sun will set
in three hours.
c0000353
From here on out,
c0000354
things will only intensify.
c0000355
Who do you suppose
will survive it?
c0000356
I would wager that
about a third will remain.
c0000357
And I am quite certain that
Denken will be among them.
c0000358
His skills are comparable
c0000359
to many of our most respected
first-class mages.
c0000360
He's an old man interested
in wealth and political power.
c0000361
Why is he getting
certified now?
c0000362
Do you think
he's after the privilege?
c0000363
[GENAU]
Who can say?
c0000364
But he is getting up
there in years.
c0000365
I'm sure he has
something on his mind.
c0000366
So, that spell your teammate
used was Jilwer, yes?
c0000367
I've heard of it before.
c0000368
It's a folk spell used
by a mountain tribe
c0000369
in the southern lands,
isn't it?
c0000370
Indeed, very astute.
c0000371
What does Jilwer do?
c0000372
It allows you to move
at high speed.
c0000373
She successfully
executed the spell,
c0000374
so why didn't you two
remain in hiding?
c0000375
She could've taken the Stille
and been on her way.
c0000376
Laufen lacks
precious experience.
c0000377
She left too many traces
of mana behind.
c0000378
There's no doubt that
you could hunt her down
c0000379
in a heartbeat, Frieren.
c0000380
It's apparent that our presence
has undermined
c0000381
your well-laid plan.
c0000382
Well, yes.
c0000383
You've known who I was
this whole time?
c0000384
There isn't a mage
of my generation
c0000385
who doesn't know that name.
c0000386
It's my first time seeing you
with my own eyes,
c0000387
but I recognized you
immediately.
c0000388
You're the mage
from the legendary party
c0000389
of heroes. The great Frieren.
c0000390
Is she famous?
c0000391
Famous would be
an understatement.
c0000392
I knew that there might
be a chance,
c0000393
but I guess it's true
that elves never age.
c0000394
I'm shocked that you're
challenging me so openly.
c0000395
I know you've been sniffing
around us this entire time.
c0000396
I was expecting
something more underhanded.
c0000397
Good thing,
because that's what you'll get.
c0000398
Fighting Denken will require
your full attention.
c0000399
And while your gaze
is diverted,
c0000400
I'll kill a kid.
c0000401
Interesting.
c0000402
If we aren't able
to pass the exam
c0000403
because we're lacking
a party member,
c0000404
we'd have no reason to go
after our Stille.
c0000405
Try me, then. I dare you.
c0000406
Lawine. He's no joke.
c0000407
I see that.
c0000408
Calm yourself, Richter.
c0000409
All we need to do is keep
their hands and minds busy.
c0000410
This is ours to win.
c0000411
Look at you.
c0000412
I thought your work
would've shaped you
c0000413
into a far more
merciless man, Denken.
c0000414
You're an imperial mage,
aren't you?
c0000415
I'm sure you've killed
your fair share
c0000416
of political enemies.
c0000417
♪
c0000418
[DENKEN] I simply don't believe
becoming a first-class mage
c0000419
is something
to spill blood over.
c0000420
Then it seems
we have common ground.
c0000421
First-class mage is nothing
greater than a title.
c0000422
It has no real value,
if you ask me.
c0000423
Oh, you can't be serious.
c0000424
You came here
without knowing the privilege
c0000425
that title grants?
c0000426
[FRIEREN]
Privilege?
c0000427
Yes.
c0000428
More than 50 years ago,
c0000429
the Continental Magic
Association was founded.
c0000430
The mage responsible created it
with one goal in mind,
c0000431
to rule and govern
mankind's magic.
c0000432
That was Serie's grand design.
c0000433
[RICHTER] The long war
against the Demon King
c0000434
refined a new breed of mages.
c0000435
She searches for them
to this day.
c0000436
To encourage applicants,
c0000437
she swore to grant
a special privilege
c0000438
to anyone who achieved
the rank of first-class mage.
c0000439
She will grant them
any one spell they desire.
c0000440
Serie is a living grimoire
c0000441
who knows nearly every spell
in humanity's history.
c0000442
Of all the creatures
in our world,
c0000443
she is the closest we have
c0000444
to the all-knowing
and all-powerful Goddess.
c0000445
With her privilege, one could
acquire massive wealth,
c0000446
cure the gravest of diseases,
c0000447
or gain overwhelming power.
c0000448
To us mages,
this promise is equivalent
c0000449
to having the wish
of our wildest dreams granted.
c0000450
People are simple.
c0000451
Driven by greed,
modern first-class mages
c0000452
forfeit their humanity
for this prize.
c0000453
The privilege is that valuable.
c0000454
[FRIEREN]
I see.
c0000455
What utter nonsense.
c0000456
♪
c0000457
Denken, people like you
who don't care
c0000458
about the privilege
are the minority.
c0000459
Let us begin.
c0000460
One minute.
That's all I need, old man.
c0000461
Plenty of time
to kill both of them.
c0000462
[DENKEN] Don't make me
say it again, Richter.
c0000463
Those girls are children.
c0000464
We're going to put them down
for a three-hour nap.
c0000465
You can handle babysitting.
c0000466
What a joke.
c0000467
I shall keep
their caretaker occupied.
c0000468
That should satisfy you.
c0000469
You old fool.
c0000470
Now, Bargland.
c0000471
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
c0000472
[crackling]
c0000473
-[thudding]
-[both gasp]
c0000474
[thudding]
c0000475
-[rumbling]
-[birds chirping]
c0000476
♪
c0000477
I find the young to be
far too hot-blooded.
c0000478
♪
c0000479
[DENKEN]
You inexperienced fool.
c0000480
[RICHTER]
Give me a break.
c0000481
[GENAU] That old man
doesn't hold back.
c0000482
[SERIE]
In the world of magic,
c0000483
the whole of creation
can be turned upside down.